linkerd.io/content/faq/_index.md, before:

---
title: Frequently Asked Questions
type: faq
include_toc: true
enableFAQSchema: true
weight: 9
aliases:
  - '/doc/0.1.0/faq/'
  - '/2.11/roadmap/'
sitemap:
  - priority = 1.0
faqs:
  - question: What is Linkerd?
    answer:
      Linkerd is a [service
      mesh](https://buoyant.io/2020/10/12/what-is-a-service-mesh/). It adds
      observability, reliability, and security to Kubernetes applications
      without code changes. For example, Linkerd can monitor and report
      per-service success rates and latencies, can automatically retry failed
      requests, and can encrypt and validate connections between services, all
      without requiring any modification of the application itself.
  - question: What's the difference between Linkerd and Istio?
    answer:
      Linkerd is significantly lighter and simpler than Istio. Linkerd is
      built for security from the ground up, ranging from features like
      [on-by-default mTLS](/2.13/features/automatic-mtls/), a
      data plane that is [built in a Rust, memory-safe
      language](https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd2-proxy), and [regular
      security
      audits](https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd2/blob/main/SECURITY_AUDIT.pdf).
      Finally, Linkerd has publicly [committed to open
      governance](https://linkerd.io/2019/10/03/linkerds-commitment-to-open-governance/)
      and is hosted by [the CNCF](https://cncf.io).
    answer_schema:
      Linkerd is significantly lighter and simpler than Istio. Linkerd is built
      for security from the ground up, ranging from features like on-by-default
      mTLS, a data plane that is built in a Rust, memory-safe language, and
      regular security audits.  Finally, Linkerd has publicly committed to open
      governance and is hosted by the CNCF.
  - question: "What's the difference between Linkerd and Envoy?"
    answer:
      Envoy is a proxy; Linkerd is a [service
      mesh](https://buoyant.io/2020/10/12/what-is-a-service-mesh/). Linkerd has
      a control plane and a data plane, and uses a proxy is a component of the
      data plane. While Envoy can be used as a component of a service mesh,
      Linkerd uses an ultralight "micro-proxy" called
      [Linkerd2-proxy](https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd2-proxy), which is
      built in Rust for safety and performance.
    answer_schema:
      Envoy is a proxy; Linkerd is a service mesh. Linkerd has a control plane
      and a data plane, and uses a proxy is a component of the data plane.
      While Envoy can be used as a component of a service mesh, Linkerd uses an
      ultralight "micro-proxy" called Linkerd2-proxy, which is built in Rust
      for safety and performance.
  - question: Why doesn't Linkerd use Envoy?
    answer:
      Envoy is a complex general-purpose proxy. Linkerd uses a simple and
      ultralight "micro-proxy" called
      [Linkerd2-proxy](https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd2-proxy) that is built
      specifically for the service mesh sidecar use case. This allows Linkerd
      to be significantly smaller and simpler than Envoy-based service meshes.
      The choice of Rust also allows Linkerd to avoid a whole class of CVEs and
      vulnerabilities that can impact proxies written in non-memory-safe
      languages like C++. See [Why Linkerd doesn't use
      Envoy](https://linkerd.io/2020/12/03/why-linkerd-doesnt-use-envoy/) for
      more.
    answer_schema:
      Envoy is a complex general-purpose proxy. Linkerd uses a simple and
      ultralight "micro-proxy" called
      [Linkerd2-proxy](https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd2-proxy) that is built
      specifically for the service mesh sidecar use case. This allows Linkerd
      to be significantly smaller and simpler than Envoy-based service meshes.
      The choice of Rust also allows Linkerd to avoid a whole class of CVEs and
      vulnerabilities that can impact proxies written in non-memory-safe
      languages like C++. See [Why Linkerd doesn't use
      Envoy](https://linkerd.io/2020/12/03/why-linkerd-doesnt-use-envoy/) for
      more.
  - question: Who owns Linkerd and how is it licensed?
    answer:
      Linkerd is hosted by the [Cloud Native Computing Foundation
      (CNCF)](https://cncf.io). The CNCF owns the trademark; the copyright is
      held by the Linkerd authors themselves. Linkerd is licensed under the
      [Apache 2.0](https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd2/blob/main/LICENSE)
      license.
  - question: Who created Linkerd?
    answer:
      Linkerd was originally created by [Buoyant](https://buoyant.io/linkerd).
      Buoyant is the primary sponsor of the project and provides
      commercial support.
  - question: Who is Linkerd for?
    answer:
      Linkerd is for everyone. (See [Linkerd's Commitment to Open
      Governance](https://linkerd.io/2019/10/03/linkerds-commitment-to-open-governance/).)
      In practice, Linkerd has certain technical prerequisites, such as
      Kubernetes.
    answer_schema:
      Linkerd is for everyone. (See Linkerd's Commitment to Open Governance.)
      In practice, Linkerd has certain technical prerequisites, such as
      Kubernetes.
  - question: How do I pronounce Linkerd?
    answer:
      Linkerd rhymes with "Cardi B". The "d" is pronounced separately, as in
      "Linker-DEE".
  - question: How do I write Linkerd?
    answer: 'Just like this: Linkerd. Capital "L", lower-case everything else.'
    answer_schema:
      'Just like this: Linkerd. Capital "L", lower-case everything else.'
  - question: Is there a Linkerd "enterprise edition"?
    answer:
      No. Linkerd is fully open source with everything you need to run it in
      production as part of the open source project.
  - question: Can I get commercial support?
    answer:
      Yes. See the list of companies that provide [commercial support for
      Linkerd](https://linkerd.io/enterprise/).
  - question: What's on the Linkerd roadmap?
    answer:
      See the [Linkerd project
      roadmap](https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd2/blob/main/ROADMAP.md). You
      may also review the [active GitHub
      issues](https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd2/issues) for shorter-term
      objectives.
    answer_schema:
      See the Linkerd project roadmap. You may also review the active GitHub
      issues for shorter-term objectives.
  - question: Can I present Linkerd to my team / company / meetup group?
    answer:
      Certainly! The public [Linkerd meetup
      slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1qseWDYWD4KzYFhb4bcp8WuDPYFVwB8sYeNnjCsgDUOw/edit)
      might be helpful.
  - question: How do I use Linkerd to route traffic between services?
    answer:
      Linkerd is designed to be fully transparent. You address other services
      just as you would without Linkerd, e.g.
      `service-name.namespace.svc.cluster.local`, or `service-name` if within
      the same namespace.
  - question: Does Linkerd handle ingress traffic?
    answer:
      No. For reasons of simplicity, Linkerd doesn't provide ingress itself, but
      instead [works in conjunction with the ingress
      controller](/2.13/features/ingress/) of your choice.
  - question: What happens to Linkerd's proxies if the control plane is down?
    answer:
      Linkerd's proxies do not integrate with Kubernetes directly, but rely on
      the control plane for service discovery information. The proxies are
      designed to continue operating even if they can't reach the control plane.
      If the control plane dies, existing proxies will continue to operate with
      the latest service discovery information. Additionally, they will fall
      back to DNS if asked to route to a service they don't have information
      for. (Thus, if the control plane is down, but new services are created,
      you may notice different load balancing behavior until the control plane
      resumes.) Once the control plane is functional, the Linkerd proxies will
      resume communication as normal. If *new* proxies are deployed when the
      control plane is unreachable, these new proxies will not be able to
      operate. They will timeout all new requests until such time as they can
      reach the control plane.
  - question: What CPU architectures can Linkerd run on?
    answer:
      Linkerd uses multi-arch container images with support for x86, amd64,
      arm64, and arm.
    answer_schema:
      Linkerd uses multi-arch container images with support for x86, amd64,
      arm64, and arm.
  - question: How can I get involved?
    answer:
      We'd love to have you get involved! See our [Linkerd Community
      page](/community/get-involved/).
    answer_schema:
      We'd love to have you get involved! See our Linkerd Community page.
---

Commit message:

Update title everywhere. Add descriptions to a few pages so they have a meta-description tag.
Signed-off-by: Flynn <flynn@buoyant.io>

linkerd.io/content/faq/_index.md, after:

---
title: Frequently Asked Questions
description: What is Linkerd? What’s the difference between Linkerd and
  Istio? Why doesn’t Linkerd use Envoy? Get answers to these questions
  and more.
type: faq
include_toc: true
enableFAQSchema: true
weight: 9
aliases:
  - '/doc/0.1.0/faq/'
  - '/2.11/roadmap/'
sitemap:
  - priority = 1.0
faqs:
  - question: What is Linkerd?
    answer:
      Linkerd is a [service
      mesh](https://buoyant.io/2020/10/12/what-is-a-service-mesh/). It adds
      observability, reliability, and security to Kubernetes applications
      without code changes. For example, Linkerd can monitor and report
      per-service success rates and latencies, can automatically retry failed
      requests, and can encrypt and validate connections between services, all
      without requiring any modification of the application itself.
  - question: What's the difference between Linkerd and Istio?
    answer:
      Linkerd is significantly lighter and simpler than Istio. Linkerd is
      built for security from the ground up, ranging from features like
      [on-by-default mTLS](/2.13/features/automatic-mtls/), a
      data plane that is [built in a Rust, memory-safe
      language](https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd2-proxy), and [regular
      security
      audits](https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd2/blob/main/SECURITY_AUDIT.pdf).
      Finally, Linkerd has publicly [committed to open
      governance](https://linkerd.io/2019/10/03/linkerds-commitment-to-open-governance/)
      and is hosted by [the CNCF](https://cncf.io).
    answer_schema:
      Linkerd is significantly lighter and simpler than Istio. Linkerd is built
      for security from the ground up, ranging from features like on-by-default
      mTLS, a data plane that is built in a Rust, memory-safe language, and
      regular security audits.  Finally, Linkerd has publicly committed to open
      governance and is hosted by the CNCF.
  - question: "What's the difference between Linkerd and Envoy?"
    answer:
      Envoy is a proxy; Linkerd is a [service
      mesh](https://buoyant.io/2020/10/12/what-is-a-service-mesh/). Linkerd has
      a control plane and a data plane, and uses a proxy is a component of the
      data plane. While Envoy can be used as a component of a service mesh,
      Linkerd uses an ultralight "micro-proxy" called
      [Linkerd2-proxy](https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd2-proxy), which is
      built in Rust for safety and performance.
    answer_schema:
      Envoy is a proxy; Linkerd is a service mesh. Linkerd has a control plane
      and a data plane, and uses a proxy is a component of the data plane.
      While Envoy can be used as a component of a service mesh, Linkerd uses an
      ultralight "micro-proxy" called Linkerd2-proxy, which is built in Rust
      for safety and performance.
  - question: Why doesn't Linkerd use Envoy?
    answer:
      Envoy is a complex general-purpose proxy. Linkerd uses a simple and
      ultralight "micro-proxy" called
      [Linkerd2-proxy](https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd2-proxy) that is built
      specifically for the service mesh sidecar use case. This allows Linkerd
      to be significantly smaller and simpler than Envoy-based service meshes.
      The choice of Rust also allows Linkerd to avoid a whole class of CVEs and
      vulnerabilities that can impact proxies written in non-memory-safe
      languages like C++. See [Why Linkerd doesn't use
      Envoy](https://linkerd.io/2020/12/03/why-linkerd-doesnt-use-envoy/) for
      more.
    answer_schema:
      Envoy is a complex general-purpose proxy. Linkerd uses a simple and
      ultralight "micro-proxy" called
      [Linkerd2-proxy](https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd2-proxy) that is built
      specifically for the service mesh sidecar use case. This allows Linkerd
      to be significantly smaller and simpler than Envoy-based service meshes.
      The choice of Rust also allows Linkerd to avoid a whole class of CVEs and
      vulnerabilities that can impact proxies written in non-memory-safe
      languages like C++. See [Why Linkerd doesn't use
      Envoy](https://linkerd.io/2020/12/03/why-linkerd-doesnt-use-envoy/) for
      more.
  - question: Who owns Linkerd and how is it licensed?
    answer:
      Linkerd is hosted by the [Cloud Native Computing Foundation
      (CNCF)](https://cncf.io). The CNCF owns the trademark; the copyright is
      held by the Linkerd authors themselves. Linkerd is licensed under the
      [Apache 2.0](https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd2/blob/main/LICENSE)
      license.
  - question: Who created Linkerd?
    answer:
      Linkerd was originally created by [Buoyant](https://buoyant.io/linkerd).
      Buoyant is the primary sponsor of the project and provides
      commercial support.
  - question: Who is Linkerd for?
    answer:
      Linkerd is for everyone. (See [Linkerd's Commitment to Open
      Governance](https://linkerd.io/2019/10/03/linkerds-commitment-to-open-governance/).)
      In practice, Linkerd has certain technical prerequisites, such as
      Kubernetes.
    answer_schema:
      Linkerd is for everyone. (See Linkerd's Commitment to Open Governance.)
      In practice, Linkerd has certain technical prerequisites, such as
      Kubernetes.
  - question: How do I pronounce Linkerd?
    answer:
      Linkerd rhymes with "Cardi B". The "d" is pronounced separately, as in
      "Linker-DEE".
  - question: How do I write Linkerd?
    answer: 'Just like this: Linkerd. Capital "L", lower-case everything else.'
    answer_schema:
      'Just like this: Linkerd. Capital "L", lower-case everything else.'
  - question: Is there a Linkerd "enterprise edition"?
    answer:
      No. Linkerd is fully open source with everything you need to run it in
      production as part of the open source project.
  - question: Can I get commercial support?
    answer:
      Yes. See the list of companies that provide [commercial support for
      Linkerd](https://linkerd.io/enterprise/).
  - question: What's on the Linkerd roadmap?
    answer:
      See the [Linkerd project
      roadmap](https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd2/blob/main/ROADMAP.md). You
      may also review the [active GitHub
      issues](https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd2/issues) for shorter-term
      objectives.
    answer_schema:
      See the Linkerd project roadmap. You may also review the active GitHub
      issues for shorter-term objectives.
  - question: Can I present Linkerd to my team / company / meetup group?
    answer:
      Certainly! The public [Linkerd meetup
      slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1qseWDYWD4KzYFhb4bcp8WuDPYFVwB8sYeNnjCsgDUOw/edit)
      might be helpful.
  - question: How do I use Linkerd to route traffic between services?
    answer:
      Linkerd is designed to be fully transparent. You address other services
      just as you would without Linkerd, e.g.
      `service-name.namespace.svc.cluster.local`, or `service-name` if within
      the same namespace.
  - question: Does Linkerd handle ingress traffic?
    answer:
      No. For reasons of simplicity, Linkerd doesn't provide ingress itself, but
      instead [works in conjunction with the ingress
      controller](/2.13/features/ingress/) of your choice.
  - question: What happens to Linkerd's proxies if the control plane is down?
    answer:
      Linkerd's proxies do not integrate with Kubernetes directly, but rely on
      the control plane for service discovery information. The proxies are
      designed to continue operating even if they can't reach the control plane.
      If the control plane dies, existing proxies will continue to operate with
      the latest service discovery information. Additionally, they will fall
      back to DNS if asked to route to a service they don't have information
      for. (Thus, if the control plane is down, but new services are created,
      you may notice different load balancing behavior until the control plane
      resumes.) Once the control plane is functional, the Linkerd proxies will
      resume communication as normal. If *new* proxies are deployed when the
      control plane is unreachable, these new proxies will not be able to
      operate. They will timeout all new requests until such time as they can
      reach the control plane.
  - question: What CPU architectures can Linkerd run on?
    answer:
      Linkerd uses multi-arch container images with support for x86, amd64,
      arm64, and arm.
    answer_schema:
      Linkerd uses multi-arch container images with support for x86, amd64,
      arm64, and arm.
  - question: How can I get involved?
    answer:
      We'd love to have you get involved! See our [Linkerd Community
      page](/community/get-involved/).
    answer_schema:
      We'd love to have you get involved! See our Linkerd Community page.
---
