linkerd.io/content/heroes/_index.md, before:

---
title: Heroes
layout: heroes
url: /community/heroes/
aliases: ["/heroes/"]
top_hero:
  title: Linkerd Heroes
  description: Open source is all about community, and Linkerd wouldn't be what it
    is today without our heroes. Linkerd Heroes contribute to the codebase, help each
    other out whether on Slack or social media, share their successes and failures
    at conferences or through blogs, fostering the dynamic and engaging community
    we all love.
  image: "/images/heroes-graphic.svg"
  image_on_the_right: false
  alt: Portrait of Rio Kierkels
voted:
  badge: "/uploads/credly-badges_voted.svg"
  heroes:
  - name: Yu Cao
    date: February 2023
    blurb: Technical contributions
    hero_type: contributor
    image: "/uploads/2023/02/yu-cao-portrait.png"
    alt: Portrait of Yu Cao
    github_url: "https://github.com/yc185050"
  - name: Steve Reardon
    date: November 2022
    blurb: Helping community members
    hero_type: community
    image: "/uploads/steve-reardon.jpeg"
    alt: Portrait of Steve Reardon
    github_url: "https://github.com/Monkman08/"
  - name: Dan Williams
    date: September 2022
    blurb: Helping community members
    hero_type: community
    image: "/uploads/dan-williams-portrait.png"
    alt: Portrait of Dan Williams
    github_url: "https://www.linkedin.com/in/dan-williams-5501a8105/"
  - name: Dani Baeyens
    date: August 2022
    blurb: Technical contributions
    hero_type: contributor
    image: "/uploads/dani-baeyens-portrait.png"
    alt: Portrait of Dani Baeyens
    github_url: "https://www.linkedin.com/in/danibaeyens/"
  - name: Dominik Táskai
    date: July 2022
    blurb: Helping community members
    hero_type: community
    image: "/uploads/dominik-taskai-portrait.png"
    alt: Portrait of Dominik Táskai
    github_url: "https://www.linkedin.com/in/dtaskai/"
  - name: Chris Voss
    date: June 2022
    blurb: Spreading the Linkerd message
    hero_type: ambassador
    image: "/uploads/chris-voss.jpeg"
    alt: Portrait of Chris Voss
    github_url: "https://www.linkedin.com/in/christopher-voss-99161111/"
  - name: Naveen Nalam
    date: March 2022
    blurb: Technical contributions
    hero_type: contributor
    image: "/uploads/naveen-nalam.png"
    alt: Portrait of Naveen Nalam
    github_url: "https://www.linkedin.com/in/nnalam/"
  - name: Krzysztof Dryś
    date: January 2022
    blurb: Technical contributions
    hero_type: contributor
    image: "/uploads/krzysztof_drys.jpeg"
    alt: Portrait of Krzysztof Dryś
    github_url: "https://github.com/krzysztofdrys"
  - name: Aleksandr Tarasov
    date: December 2021
    blurb: Spreading the Linkerd message
    hero_type: ambassador
    image: "/uploads/aleksandr_tarasov.jpeg"
    alt: Portrait of Aleksandr Tarasov
    github_url: "https://github.com/aatarasoff"
  - name: Alberto Sadde
    date: October 2021
    blurb: Helping community members
    hero_type: community
    image: "/uploads/alberto-sadde.png"
    alt: Portrait of Alberto Sadde
    github_url: https://github.com/aesadde
  - name: Dom DePasquale
    date: August 2021
    blurb: Spreading the Linkerd message
    hero_type: ambassador
    image: "/uploads/dom-depasqual.png"
    alt: Portrait of Dom DePasquale
    github_url: https://github.com/dad264
  - name: Sanskar Jaiswal
    date: July 2021
    blurb: Technical contributions
    hero_type: contributor
    image: "/uploads/jaiswal.png"
    alt: Portrait of Jasiwal
    github_url: https://github.com/aryan9600
  - name: Steve Gray
    date: June 2021
    blurb: Spreading the Linkerd message
    hero_type: ambassador
    image: "/uploads/steve-gray.png"
    alt: Portrait of Steve Gray
    github_url: https://github.com/steve-gray
  - name: Steve Reardon
    date: June 2021
    blurb: Spreading the Linkerd message
    hero_type: ambassador
    image: "/uploads/steve-reardon.jpeg"
    alt: Portrait of Steve Reardon
    github_url: https://github.com/Monkman08
  - name: Rio Kierkels
    date: April 2021
    blurb: Helping community members
    hero_type: community
    image: "/uploads/rio-kierkels.png"
    alt: Portrait of Rio Kierkels
    github_url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/rio-kierkels-70a67b26/
  - name: Mayank Shah
    date: March 2021
    blurb: Technical contributions
    hero_type: contributor
    image: "/uploads/mayank-shah.png"
    alt: Portrait of Mayank Shah
    github_url: https://github.com/mayankshah1607
  - name: Sergio Mendéz
    date: February 2021
    blurb: Spreading the Linkerd message
    hero_type: ambassador
    image: "/uploads/sergio.jpg"
    alt: Portrait of Sergio Mendéz
    github_url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sergioarmgpl/
  - name: Richard Pijnenburg
    date: January 2021
    blurb: Helping community members
    hero_type: community
    image: "/uploads/richard-pijnenberg-2.jpg"
    alt: Portrait of Richard Pijnenberg
    github_url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/richard-pijnenburg/
  - name: Lutz Behnke
    date: December 2020
    blurb: Technical contributions
    hero_type: contributor
    image: "/uploads/vita_image_lutz_behnke.jpg"
    alt: Portrait of Lutz Behnke
    github_url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/lutz-behnke-096a19/
nominated:
  badge: "/uploads/credly-badges_nominated.svg"
  heroes:
  - name: Saim Safdar
    date: April 2021
    blurb: Spreading the Linkerd message
    hero_type: ambassador
    image: "/uploads/saim safdar 1.png"
    alt: Portrait of Saim Safdar
    github_url: https://github.com/Saim-Safdar
  - name: Ali Ariff
    date: April 2021
    blurb: Technical contributions
    hero_type: contributor
    image: "/uploads/ali 1.png"
    alt: Portrait of Ali Ariff
    github_url: https://github.com/aliariff
  - name: Fredrik Klingenberg
    date: March 2021
    blurb: Spreading the Linkerd message
    hero_type: ambassador
    image: "/uploads/fredrick-klingenberg.jpg"
    alt: Portrait of Fredrick Klingenberg
    github_url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/fredrikklingenberg/
  - name: Henry Hagnäs
    date: March 2021
    blurb: Spreading the Linkerd message
    hero_type: ambassador
    image: "/uploads/henry-elk-profile.jpg"
    alt: Portrait of Henry Hagnas
    github_url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/hagnas/
  - name: Christian Hüning
    date: March 2021
    blurb: Helping community members
    hero_type: community
    image: "/uploads/christian-huning.png"
    alt: Portrait of Christian Huning
    github_url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/christian-h%C3%BCning-964191a3/
  - name: NJM
    date: February 2021
    blurb: Helping community members
    hero_type: community
    image: "/uploads/njm.png"
    alt: Portrait of NJM
    github_url: https://linkerd.io/community/heroes/
  - name: Piyush Singariya
    date: February 2021
    blurb: Technical contributions
    hero_type: contributions
    image: "/uploads/piyush-singariya.png"
    alt: Portrait of Piyush Singariya
    github_url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/piyushsingariya/
  - name: Matt Young
    date: January 2021
    blurb: Spreading the Linkerd message
    hero_type: ambassador
    image: "/uploads/matt-young.png"
    alt: Portrait of Matt Young
    github_url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/halcyondude/
  - name: Jimil Desai
    date: January 2021
    blurb: Technical contributions
    hero_type: contributor
    image: "/uploads/jamil-desai-2.jpeg"
    alt: Portrait of Jimil Desai
    github_url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jimil-desai-30179416b/
  - name: Maxime Bélanger
    date: December 2020
    blurb: Helping community members
    hero_type: community
    image: "/uploads/maxime-belanger.png"
    alt: Portrait of Maxime Bélanger
    github_url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/maximeb/
  - name: David Sudia
    date: December 2020
    blurb: Spreading the Linkerd message
    hero_type: ambassador
    image: "/uploads/david-sudia.png"
    alt: Portrait of David Sudia
    github_url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidsudia/
---

Commit message:

Update title everywhere. Add descriptions to a few pages so they have a meta-description tag.
Signed-off-by: Flynn <flynn@buoyant.io>

linkerd.io/content/heroes/_index.md, after:

---
title: Heroes
layout: heroes
url: /community/heroes/
aliases: ["/heroes/"]
description: Open source is all about community, and Linkerd wouldn’t be what it
  is today without our heroes. Linkerd Heroes contribute to the codebase, help
  each other out on Slack and social media, and share their successes and failures
  at conferences or through blogs.
top_hero:
  title: Linkerd Heroes
  description: Open source is all about community, and Linkerd wouldn't be what it
    is today without our heroes. Linkerd Heroes contribute to the codebase, help each
    other out on Slack, social media, and in person, and share their successes and
    failures at conferences or through blogs, fostering the dynamic and engaging
    community we all love.
  image: "/images/heroes-graphic.svg"
  image_on_the_right: false
  alt: Portrait of Rio Kierkels
voted:
  badge: "/uploads/credly-badges_voted.svg"
  heroes:
  - name: Yu Cao
    date: February 2023
    blurb: Technical contributions
    hero_type: contributor
    image: "/uploads/2023/02/yu-cao-portrait.png"
    alt: Portrait of Yu Cao
    github_url: "https://github.com/yc185050"
  - name: Steve Reardon
    date: November 2022
    blurb: Helping community members
    hero_type: community
    image: "/uploads/steve-reardon.jpeg"
    alt: Portrait of Steve Reardon
    github_url: "https://github.com/Monkman08/"
  - name: Dan Williams
    date: September 2022
    blurb: Helping community members
    hero_type: community
    image: "/uploads/dan-williams-portrait.png"
    alt: Portrait of Dan Williams
    github_url: "https://www.linkedin.com/in/dan-williams-5501a8105/"
  - name: Dani Baeyens
    date: August 2022
    blurb: Technical contributions
    hero_type: contributor
    image: "/uploads/dani-baeyens-portrait.png"
    alt: Portrait of Dani Baeyens
    github_url: "https://www.linkedin.com/in/danibaeyens/"
  - name: Dominik Táskai
    date: July 2022
    blurb: Helping community members
    hero_type: community
    image: "/uploads/dominik-taskai-portrait.png"
    alt: Portrait of Dominik Táskai
    github_url: "https://www.linkedin.com/in/dtaskai/"
  - name: Chris Voss
    date: June 2022
    blurb: Spreading the Linkerd message
    hero_type: ambassador
    image: "/uploads/chris-voss.jpeg"
    alt: Portrait of Chris Voss
    github_url: "https://www.linkedin.com/in/christopher-voss-99161111/"
  - name: Naveen Nalam
    date: March 2022
    blurb: Technical contributions
    hero_type: contributor
    image: "/uploads/naveen-nalam.png"
    alt: Portrait of Naveen Nalam
    github_url: "https://www.linkedin.com/in/nnalam/"
  - name: Krzysztof Dryś
    date: January 2022
    blurb: Technical contributions
    hero_type: contributor
    image: "/uploads/krzysztof_drys.jpeg"
    alt: Portrait of Krzysztof Dryś
    github_url: "https://github.com/krzysztofdrys"
  - name: Aleksandr Tarasov
    date: December 2021
    blurb: Spreading the Linkerd message
    hero_type: ambassador
    image: "/uploads/aleksandr_tarasov.jpeg"
    alt: Portrait of Aleksandr Tarasov
    github_url: "https://github.com/aatarasoff"
  - name: Alberto Sadde
    date: October 2021
    blurb: Helping community members
    hero_type: community
    image: "/uploads/alberto-sadde.png"
    alt: Portrait of Alberto Sadde
    github_url: https://github.com/aesadde
  - name: Dom DePasquale
    date: August 2021
    blurb: Spreading the Linkerd message
    hero_type: ambassador
    image: "/uploads/dom-depasqual.png"
    alt: Portrait of Dom DePasquale
    github_url: https://github.com/dad264
  - name: Sanskar Jaiswal
    date: July 2021
    blurb: Technical contributions
    hero_type: contributor
    image: "/uploads/jaiswal.png"
    alt: Portrait of Jasiwal
    github_url: https://github.com/aryan9600
  - name: Steve Gray
    date: June 2021
    blurb: Spreading the Linkerd message
    hero_type: ambassador
    image: "/uploads/steve-gray.png"
    alt: Portrait of Steve Gray
    github_url: https://github.com/steve-gray
  - name: Steve Reardon
    date: June 2021
    blurb: Spreading the Linkerd message
    hero_type: ambassador
    image: "/uploads/steve-reardon.jpeg"
    alt: Portrait of Steve Reardon
    github_url: https://github.com/Monkman08
  - name: Rio Kierkels
    date: April 2021
    blurb: Helping community members
    hero_type: community
    image: "/uploads/rio-kierkels.png"
    alt: Portrait of Rio Kierkels
    github_url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/rio-kierkels-70a67b26/
  - name: Mayank Shah
    date: March 2021
    blurb: Technical contributions
    hero_type: contributor
    image: "/uploads/mayank-shah.png"
    alt: Portrait of Mayank Shah
    github_url: https://github.com/mayankshah1607
  - name: Sergio Mendéz
    date: February 2021
    blurb: Spreading the Linkerd message
    hero_type: ambassador
    image: "/uploads/sergio.jpg"
    alt: Portrait of Sergio Mendéz
    github_url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sergioarmgpl/
  - name: Richard Pijnenburg
    date: January 2021
    blurb: Helping community members
    hero_type: community
    image: "/uploads/richard-pijnenberg-2.jpg"
    alt: Portrait of Richard Pijnenberg
    github_url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/richard-pijnenburg/
  - name: Lutz Behnke
    date: December 2020
    blurb: Technical contributions
    hero_type: contributor
    image: "/uploads/vita_image_lutz_behnke.jpg"
    alt: Portrait of Lutz Behnke
    github_url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/lutz-behnke-096a19/
nominated:
  badge: "/uploads/credly-badges_nominated.svg"
  heroes:
  - name: Saim Safdar
    date: April 2021
    blurb: Spreading the Linkerd message
    hero_type: ambassador
    image: "/uploads/saim safdar 1.png"
    alt: Portrait of Saim Safdar
    github_url: https://github.com/Saim-Safdar
  - name: Ali Ariff
    date: April 2021
    blurb: Technical contributions
    hero_type: contributor
    image: "/uploads/ali 1.png"
    alt: Portrait of Ali Ariff
    github_url: https://github.com/aliariff
  - name: Fredrik Klingenberg
    date: March 2021
    blurb: Spreading the Linkerd message
    hero_type: ambassador
    image: "/uploads/fredrick-klingenberg.jpg"
    alt: Portrait of Fredrick Klingenberg
    github_url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/fredrikklingenberg/
  - name: Henry Hagnäs
    date: March 2021
    blurb: Spreading the Linkerd message
    hero_type: ambassador
    image: "/uploads/henry-elk-profile.jpg"
    alt: Portrait of Henry Hagnas
    github_url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/hagnas/
  - name: Christian Hüning
    date: March 2021
    blurb: Helping community members
    hero_type: community
    image: "/uploads/christian-huning.png"
    alt: Portrait of Christian Huning
    github_url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/christian-h%C3%BCning-964191a3/
  - name: NJM
    date: February 2021
    blurb: Helping community members
    hero_type: community
    image: "/uploads/njm.png"
    alt: Portrait of NJM
    github_url: https://linkerd.io/community/heroes/
  - name: Piyush Singariya
    date: February 2021
    blurb: Technical contributions
    hero_type: contributions
    image: "/uploads/piyush-singariya.png"
    alt: Portrait of Piyush Singariya
    github_url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/piyushsingariya/
  - name: Matt Young
    date: January 2021
    blurb: Spreading the Linkerd message
    hero_type: ambassador
    image: "/uploads/matt-young.png"
    alt: Portrait of Matt Young
    github_url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/halcyondude/
  - name: Jimil Desai
    date: January 2021
    blurb: Technical contributions
    hero_type: contributor
    image: "/uploads/jamil-desai-2.jpeg"
    alt: Portrait of Jimil Desai
    github_url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jimil-desai-30179416b/
  - name: Maxime Bélanger
    date: December 2020
    blurb: Helping community members
    hero_type: community
    image: "/uploads/maxime-belanger.png"
    alt: Portrait of Maxime Bélanger
    github_url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/maximeb/
  - name: David Sudia
    date: December 2020
    blurb: Spreading the Linkerd message
    hero_type: ambassador
    image: "/uploads/david-sudia.png"
    alt: Portrait of David Sudia
    github_url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidsudia/
---
